New Items - All Purpose Cardboard Box 

Unobstructed All-Purpose Cardboard Box
Portable Cradle - Rough Travel Table Ultra Lightweight Position

Added crafting recipes

Added Metal Compressor construction menu
Added new recipe for Portable Dimensional Coordinate Receiver - 50 Teleportation Pads instead of 5-point anchor


Crafting difficulty and recipe book nerf for the Big dog Bot

5.3 ver

Added constructible water purifier

Changed menu text when using the Dangbot

6 ver

Added new item / Space Leap Arrow

Rare, probably only drops in banks

Buckshot and Flechette grenade remakes: now have a stacking effect instead of giving back the AoE that they used to have High defence means that mobs with high defence will be almost unstoppable....

Slug Grenade Remake - increased damage significantly and changed damage type to Bash, which should be more useful now (it's pretty much a cannon at close range).

Made various field effects visible 

hot-air and cold-air and damn vents

6.1 ver
Bugfix list

Fixed a bug where only one Dimensional Coordinate Receiver recipe was visible

Fixed a bug where dismantling the Dimensional Coordinate Receiver would result in a portable Dimensional Coordinate Receiver instead of 5 telepods.

Fixed Power Armour module drop rate being applied more than 5x

Fixed missing Power Armour Shield module tileset

6.2 ver

Fixed spatial leap arrows being infinitely multiplied for now

Fixed portable dimensional coordinate receiver blocking view

Added cabin air conditioner, material is car air conditioner

7.0 ver

Made previously non-foldable parts foldable

ex ) Car autopilot

Added nano template recipe
{Quantum Solar Panel, Dimensional Shrinkage Pet Crate}

Added recipes for types of masks and gloves that don't interfere with attacks using mutated flesh

Added Turret Disassembly recipe 

Added Bolt Storage Strips, mounted on both legs, holds up to 5 rounds
Added Waist Tube Quiver A waist-mounted quiver that holds 40 arrows.
Added Pebble Pouch Added 40-round pouch that holds only pebbles
Increased the carrying capacity of the DangdangBot Mode 1 to 1 tonne

Increased Grenade Buckshot Flechette range and angle to 20 each 
Increased armour modifier to 6. Tougher kids won't get their teeth knocked out.

Shotgun Rework 
Instead of doubling the damage of the shot, we're giving it a 6x armour multiplier, which means you're going to see a lot of bouncing around unless you're wearing skinny armour.
Flechette has 6x armour penetration and 6x armour multiplier, meaning it's still a bystander.
Slugshot has been changed to bash damage and buffed slightly.

Smoke Bomb Rework
Smoke bombs now have a blinding effect and an outright darkness effect, but the smoke effect has been removed.

7.1 ver
Shotgun Scale Adjustments
Adjusted armour factor to 2

7.2 ver
Added Bolt Machine Gun
Added Bolt Minigun
Added magazines for bolt machine guns
Added sounds for various guns